Changelog, parent pom and dependency update (#112)
fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter-iwxxm: CHANGELOG.md

- ...

## [v4.0.0] - 2022-02-22

> ### Added
> 
> - Added generic POJO conversion for IWXXM 3.0.0 messages. [#80]
> - Added parsing of all SIGMET location indicators to GenericAviationWeatherMessage. [#84]
> 
> ### Changed
> 
> - Adapted to location indicator model changes in GenericAviationMessage. [#82]
> - Separated generic message parsing from generic bulletin parsing. [#83]
> - Split GenericAviationWeatherMessageScanner into IWXXM version- and message-specific scanners. [#88]

Reviewer: Grabbed some more issues here:

```suggestion
### Added

- Added support for IWXXM 3.0.0 messages withing COLLECT documents. [#80]
- Added parsing of all SIGMET location indicators to GenericAviationWeatherMessage. [#84]
- Added parsing of message translation status from IWXXM Message [#91]
- Added parsing of xmlNamespace in GenericAviationWeatherMessage [#92]
- Added parsing of generic IWXXM 3.0 METAR messages [#94]
- Added parsing of generic IWXXM 3.0 SPECI messages [#96]
- Added parsing of generic IWXXM 3.0 SPACE WEATHER ADVISORY messages [#97]
- Added parsing of generic IWXXM 3.0 AIRMET messages [#101]
- Added parsing of generic IWXXM 3.0 Tropical cyclone advisory messages [#106]
- Added parsing of generic IWXXM 3.0 Volcanic ash advisory messages [#107]

### Changed

- Adapted to location indicator model changes in GenericAviationMessage. [#82]
- Separated generic message parsing from generic bulletin parsing. [#83]
- Split GenericAviationWeatherMessageScanner into IWXXM version- and message-specific scanners. [#88]

### Fixed
- Declare all required namespaces in root element of message document extracted from a COLLECT document [#110]
```

And the links:

```
[#91]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter-iwxxm/issues/91
[#92]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter-iwxxm/issues/92
[#94]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter-iwxxm/issues/94
[#96]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter-iwxxm/issues/96
[#97]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter-iwxxm/issues/97
[#101]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter-iwxxm/issues/101
[#106]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter-iwxxm/issues/106
[#107]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter-iwxxm/issues/107
[#110]: https://github.com/fmidev/fmi-avi-messageconverter-iwxxm/issues/110
```

Reviewer: Maybe dependency updates should be mentioned as well, with the fmi-avi-messageconverter version?
